Document Infura Bundler support (#2183)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: services/concepts/bundler.md

---
description: Infura supports ERC-4337 bundler methods.
sidebar_label: Bundler methods
---

# Bundler methods (ERC-4337)

Infura supports [ERC-4337](https://docs.erc4337.io/) bundler JSON-RPC methods that enable you to build
account abstraction (AA) experiences like gas sponsorship (paymasters), ERC-20 gas payment, session keys, or
batched actions using smart accounts.

> Use the bundler JSON-RPC methods if your app or wallet uses smart accounts, if you use an externally
> owned account (EOA) only, use standard Ethereum JSON-RPC methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your dapp or wallet uses smart accounts, use the bundler JSON-RPC methods. If you use externally
owned accounts (EOAs) only, use standard Ethereum JSON-RPC methods.
```
